/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/bin/java -ea -Didea.launcher.port=7538
/-Didea.launcher.bin.path=/home/wormi/opt/idea-IU-123.123/bin
/--Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 -classpath
/--/home/wormi/opt/idea-IU-123.123/lib/idea_rt.jar:/home/wormi/opt/idea-IU-123.123/plugins/junit/lib/junit-rt.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/resources.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/jfr.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/plugin.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/jce.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/rt.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/javaws.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/jsse.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/deploy.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/jfxrt.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/management-agent.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/charsets.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/ext/sunec.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/ext/zipfs.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/ext/sunjce_provider.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/ext/dnsns.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/ext/sunpkcs11.jar:/opt/headissue/amd64/jdk1.7.0_09/jre/lib/ext/localedata.jar:/home/wormi/workspace/mticket/target/test-classes:/home/wormi/workspace/mticket/target/classes:/home/wormi/opt/idea-IU-123.123/lib/junit-4.10.jar
/--/com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMain
/--/com.intellij.rt.execution.junit.JUnitStarter -ideVersion5
/--/com.headissue.wrench.WrenchTest,showBeans

Domains:
	Domain = Catalina
	Domain = JMImplementation
	Domain = Users
	Domain = com.headissue.sediments.integration
	Domain = com.sun.management
	Domain = java.lang
	Domain = java.nio
	Domain = java.util.logging

MBeanServer default domain = DefaultDomain

MBean count = 121

Query MBeanServer MBeans:
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Filter,name=SensepitchFilter,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Filter,name=SolrRequestFilter,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Filter,name=filter partner
authKey,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Dereferer,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=FacebookingImageServlet,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Generate204Servlet,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Go,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=GuideExtraEditorRestful,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Jahia Pid
Url,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=JavascriptProbeServlet,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=Resource
Queries,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=asset
servlet,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=default,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=dump
servlet,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=export
guide,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=guide,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=guide image store
servlet,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=jahia
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=jsp,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=order
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=pdf
servlet,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop
seatmaps,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=static-resource,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=testShop
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=testShop
seatmaps,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=vcalendar,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Filter,name=UTF8CharacterEncodingFilter,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=default,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=jsp,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop azv
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop basis
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop blank
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop brt
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop dt
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop editor
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop ehc
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop eka
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop fis
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop ift
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop mehrsprachig
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop mks
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop mph
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop mvt
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop psangebot
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop pto
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop rbx
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop ttt
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:j2eeType=Servlet,name=shop xgames
proxy,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=WebModule,name=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
Catalina:j2eeType=WebModule,name=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Cache,host=localhost,context=/
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Cache,host=localhost,context=/shop
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Connector,port=8009
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Connector,port=8897
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Connector,port=8899
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Deployer,host=localhost
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Engine
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=GlobalRequestProcessor,name="ajp-bio-8009"
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=GlobalRequestProcessor,name="http-bio-8897"
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=GlobalRequestProcessor,name="http-bio-8899"
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Host,host=localhost
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=JspMonitor,name=jsp,WebModule=//localhost/,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=JspMonitor,name=jsp,WebModule=//localhost/shop,J2EEApplication=none,J2EEServer=none
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Loader,context=/,host=localhost
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Loader,context=/shop,host=localhost
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=MBeanFactory
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Manager,context=/,host=localhost
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Manager,context=/shop,host=localhost
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Mapper,port=8009
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Mapper,port=8897
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Mapper,port=8899
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=NamingResources,context=/,host=localhost
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=NamingResources,context=/shop,host=localhost
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=NamingResources
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=ProtocolHandler,port=8009
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=ProtocolHandler,port=8897
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=ProtocolHandler,port=8899
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Realm,realmPath=/realm0,context=/,host=localhost
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Realm,realmPath=/realm0/realm0,context=/,host=localhost
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Realm,realmPath=/realm0
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Realm,realmPath=/realm0/realm0
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Resource,resourcetype=Global,class=org.apache.catalina.UserDatabase,name="UserDatabase"
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Server
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=ServerClassLoader,name=common
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Service
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=StringCache
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=ThreadPool,name="ajp-bio-8009"
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=ThreadPool,name="http-bio-8897"
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=ThreadPool,name="http-bio-8899"
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Valve,context=/,host=localhost,name=BasicAuthenticator
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Valve,context=/,host=localhost,name=StandardContextValve
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Valve,context=/shop,host=localhost,name=NonLoginAuthenticator
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Valve,context=/shop,host=localhost,name=StandardContextValve
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Valve,host=localhost,name=AccessLogValve
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Valve,host=localhost,name=ErrorReportValve
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=Valve,host=localhost,name=StandardHostValve
	ObjectName = Catalina:type=Valve,name=StandardEngineValve
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=WebappClassLoader,context=/,host=localhost
	ObjectName =
	Catalina:type=WebappClassLoader,context=/shop,host=localhost
	ObjectName = JMImplementation:type=MBeanServerDelegate
	ObjectName = Users:type=UserDatabase,database=UserDatabase
	ObjectName =
	com.headissue.sediments.integration:type=ServiceLifecycle,name=crm
	ObjectName =
	com.headissue.sediments.integration:type=ServiceWatchdog,name=crm
	ObjectName = com.sun.management:type=HotSpotDiagnostic
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=ClassLoading
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=Compilation
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=PS MarkSweep
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=GarbageCollector,name=PS Scavenge
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=Memory
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=MemoryManager,name=CodeCacheManager
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=Code Cache
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=PS Eden Space
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=PS Old Gen
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=PS Perm Gen
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=MemoryPool,name=PS Survivor Space
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=OperatingSystem
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=Runtime
	ObjectName = java.lang:type=Threading
	ObjectName = java.nio:type=BufferPool,name=direct
	ObjectName = java.nio:type=BufferPool,name=mapped
	ObjectName = java.util.logging:type=Logging

Process finished with exit code 0
